Nolu was in the site. He'd found a map near the entrance, reasonably current and well-crafted. He had seen only a few other daemons, and many rooms he had found that nobody had visited in months. All the files had smelled stale and unpermissive. In one ramshackle corner was a package with illicit goods, a cracked program with long-obsolete functionality. He had written down its address and forwarded it to the rightsholder. There were other dusty files around, mostly photos and videos someone had taken decades ago, going by the timestamps, but none of them had licensing metadata. They did have contact information attached, a user in Indianapolis whose last logon was two years ago, so he sent a request for relicensing to the user so he could at least move the files to a freer location. There was no guarantee that he would recieve an acknowledgement from the receivers, but there were other ways of judging the consequence of his actions. One way was to look at the flags placed near the entrance, one a national flag for the node's hosting site, and the other a United Nations flag with colorized territories based on network availability. Most nations had started out bright but, as he watched, multiple western countries began to go dark, overlaid with a criss-cross pattern indicating blocking. The lights on the ceiling flickered a bit, and Nolu walked out the door.

The site had a nice little wet room. The showerheads were polished and warm. The resident programs were robust enough to not need regular updates, so the room was almost empty. His only companion was a lengthy housekeeping program curled up around a faded traffic cone. It was nice to feel the hot water hit his shoulders and back, washing away the aging code.
